README.md, before:

# train_greggs

Train gregs is a set of scripts to train a yolo (4?) nurel net. At the time of writing the data set is private and referenced through a git submodule to a local server. This project is public for reference only.

# Docker container

Basic scripts are designed to run on a linux system with a basic installation of python3. The tarining is done in a docker container [BillyBag2/darknet-yolo4-docker](https://github.com/BillyBag2/darknet-yolo4-docker) At the time of writing this was not in a registery but a repository is available to build your own image.

# Scripts

## Prep for first build

[build_training_set.py](build_training_set.py) gathers everything needed into the build director.

## training (WIP)
The intention is to run the docker container with the local directories mounted in the container as /build /data 

# References

* https://github.com/hollance/YOLO-CoreML-MPSNNGraph
* https://www.codeproject.com/script/Content/ViewReadingList.aspx?rlid=33
* https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/train-a-custom-yolov4-tiny-object-detector-using-google-colab-b58be08c9593
* https://blog.roboflow.com/training-yolov4-on-a-custom-dataset/
* https://github.com/ankits16/CVRecorderFinal/blob/main/converters/YOLOv4toCoreML_Mpieter.ipynb
* https://gist.github.com/TakaoNarikawa/aef13571eec97d78603688eef05b5389

Commit message:

QQuick edit of read me file. (hope it makes sences)

README.md, after:

# train_greggs

Train gregs is a set of scripts to train a yolo (4?) nurel net. At the time of writing the data set is private and referenced through a git submodule to a local server. This project is public for reference only.

# Docker container

Basic scripts are designed to run on a linux system with a basic installation of python3. The tarining is done in a docker container [BillyBag2/darknet-yolo4-docker](https://github.com/BillyBag2/darknet-yolo4-docker) At the time of writing this was not in a registery but a repository is available to build your own image.

# Scripts

## Prep for first build

[build_training_set.py](build_training_set.py) gathers everything needed into the build director.

## training

At the time of writing you may need to edit [run_training.sh](scripts\run_training.sh) or [more_training.sh](scripts\more_training.sh).

Run [shell.sh](shell.sh) to start a docker shell. Then run in the docker shell `/build/xxx_training.sh`.

### `run_training.sh`

This script runs the training from the begining. When starting it is recommended that you use a single GPU. If you stop training you can restart by using `more_training.sh`. If you have more than one GPU it is recommended to stop after 1000 interations and then restart with the `more_training.sh` script with two GPUs enabled. Edit the script to enable this.

### `more_training.sh`

This script continues training from a saved state. It is recomended to stop training after 1000 iterations and restart with all GPUS if you have more than one.

# References

* https://github.com/hollance/YOLO-CoreML-MPSNNGraph
* https://www.codeproject.com/script/Content/ViewReadingList.aspx?rlid=33
* https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/train-a-custom-yolov4-tiny-object-detector-using-google-colab-b58be08c9593
* https://blog.roboflow.com/training-yolov4-on-a-custom-dataset/
* https://github.com/ankits16/CVRecorderFinal/blob/main/converters/YOLOv4toCoreML_Mpieter.ipynb
* https://gist.github.com/TakaoNarikawa/aef13571eec97d78603688eef05b5389
